README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

docs: update README with bilingual project description for NAOS Finance Redeem Page

README.md, after:

# Naos Finance Redeem Page

## 中文

身為一個早期 NAOS Finance 的支持者，很抱歉看到這個項目最終走向失敗。許多非技術背景的使用者無法自行取回鎖定在合約中的 Token，這讓人感到非常遺憾。

因此，我搭建了這個前端頁面，供所有受影響的使用者使用，讓大家能夠方便地與合約進行交互，取回屬於自己的資產。

### 支援的合約交互

- **ETH Staking Pool** — 以太坊上的質押池合約交互
- **BSC BoostPool** — BSC 鏈上的 BoostPool 合約交互

### 使用方式

1. 前往 [Naos Finance Redeem Page](https://cksxxbee.github.io/Naos-Finance-Redeem-Page/)
2. 連接你的錢包（MetaMask 等）
3. 選擇對應的合約進行操作，取回你的 Token

---

## English

As an early supporter of NAOS Finance, it is unfortunate to see the project come to an end. Many non-technical users are unable to retrieve their tokens locked in the smart contracts, which is truly regrettable.

That's why I've built this frontend page — to help all affected users interact with the contracts and reclaim their assets with ease.

### Supported Contract Interactions

- **ETH Staking Pool** — Interact with the staking pool contract on Ethereum
- **BSC BoostPool** — Interact with the BoostPool contract on BSC

### How to Use

1. Visit [Naos Finance Redeem Page](https://cksxxbee.github.io/Naos-Finance-Redeem-Page/)
2. Connect your wallet (MetaMask, etc.)
3. Select the corresponding contract and reclaim your tokens
